
# Module 1 Challenge

## Assignment details

### Due

**September 10, 11:59 PM PST**Sep 10, 11:59 PM PST

### Submitted

**August 16, 8:10 PM PST**Aug 16, 8:10 PM PST

### Attempts

3 left (3 attempts every 24 hours)

### Time limit

**50 minutes per attempt**50 min per attempt

### Submissions

**1 left** (1 total within the time limit)

## Your grade

To pass you need at least 80%. We keep your highest score.

90%

### 1.

Question 1

As someone seeking a project management position, you want your job profile to highlight your ability to stay focused on different tasks. Which of the following are phrases you might use to describe yourself? Select all that apply.

[ ]

Excellent people manager

[X]

Highly organized

[X]

Solid organizational skills

[ ]

Outstanding communication skills

1 point

### 2.

Question 2

Which of the following best describes why there is increasing demand for project management roles in today’s job market?

[ ]

Project management is a relatively new job title.

[ ]

Project management isn’t adequately compensated when compared to similar roles.

[ ]

There’s significant turnover in the project management field.

[X]

Project management roles are designed to adapt to changes and handle new processes as they come up.

1 point

### 3.

Question 3

Fill in the blank: Working for companies _____ means you’ll work on a project-by-project basis, but not as a full-time employee.

[ ]

as a mentor

[ ]

on a salary

[ ]

as an intern

[X]

on a contract

1 point

### 4.

Question 4

As a project manager for a renewable energy product, you regularly communicate key milestones to the larger team and your customers. Which project management responsibility is this an example of?

[ ]

Controlling costs

[ ]

Managing company operations

[X]

Managing tasks

[ ]

Planning and organizing

1 point

### 5.

Question 5

Which of the following may be a sign of poor project management at your company?

[ ]

Many projects are ongoing at the same time

[ ]

A project team member is unhappy with their role

[X]

Many projects are failing to meet organizational goals

[ ]

Most projects are small projects

1 point

### 6.

Question 6

You have recently been hired as a project manager leading a team of technical writers in completing a set of user manuals for a new product launch. Which of the following abilities are you expected to demonstrate?

[ ]

Advanced writing skills

[ ]

Technological expertise

[ ]

Interviewing and hiring

[X]

Task management

1 point

### 7.

Question 7

As a project manager at a small construction firm, your responsibilities include managing tasks on new builds. Which of the following activities does managing tasks involve? Select all that apply.

[ ]

Gathering project requirements and creating a project plan

[ ]

Controlling costs

[X]

Overseeing activities that team members do on a daily or weekly basis

[X]

Communicating project milestones

1 point

### 8.

Question 8

Fill in the blank: Typically, projects have a(n) _____ beginning and end.

[X]

defined

[ ]

vague

[ ]

broad

[ ]

immovable

1 point

### 9.

Question 9

As you search for project management roles, you may see a variety of industry-specific positions with titles like “engineering project manager” or “construction project manager.” Why is it possible for a project manager to move between industries?

[ ]

They have industry-specific expertise.

[ ]

They are willing to take a lower-level project management role.

[ ]

They are willing to change roles.

[X]

They understand how to execute an effort on schedule and on budget.

1 point

### 10.

Question 10

As someone who has already gained some experience in introductory-level positions, you are seeking a job in a more traditional project management role. Which of the following roles might interest you? Select all that apply.

[X]

Project Leader

[X]

Project Controller

[X]

Project Management Office (PMO) Analyst

[ ]

Product Owner
