
### Due

**September 15, 11:59 PM PST**Sep 15, 11:59 PM PST

### Submitted

**September 1, 7:54 PM PST**Sep 1, 7:54 PM PST

### Attempts

3 left (3 attempts every 24 hours)

### Time limit

**55 minutes per attempt**55 min per attempt

### Submissions

**1 left** (1 total within the time limit)

## Your grade

To pass you need at least 80%. We keep your highest score.

100%


### 1.

Question 1

Suppose that as a project manager, you provide detailed plans and frequent project updates to both the team and stakeholders. What project management value does this represent?

[ ]

Optimism

[ ]

Delegation

[ ]

Prioritization

[X]

Effective communication

1 point

### 2.

Question 2

As a project manager, you use productivity tools and develop processes to improve information sharing across the team. Which project management responsibility does this represent?

[ ]

Removing unforeseen barriers

[X]

Planning and organizing

[ ]

Managing tasks

[ ]

Managing the budget

1 point

### 3.

Question 3

As a project manager, you choose the best project management methodology for your team and ensure they adhere to it throughout the project. What project management responsibility does this represent?

[X]

Help teammates adopt the right workflows and project management styles.

[ ]

Hold all team members accountable for their assigned tasks.

[ ]

Ensure that issues and risks are tracked and visible.

[ ]

Collaborate with other teams at the organization.

1 point

### 4.

Question 4

What is an example of measuring progress for a cross-functional team?

[X]

Asking team members if they anticipate being finished on time and, if not, how you can help them succeed.

[ ]

Learning what makes team members feel supported and giving positive feedback.

[ ]

Setting up effective tools so the team can easily work together.

[ ]

Defining key items and encouraging team members to ask questions.

1 point

### 5.

Question 5

You’re a project manager on a team that is improving a product. When inspecting the project, you discover a defect. What action can you take that will simultaneously communicate *and* escalate the newly-found problem?

[ ]

Track daily product improvement tasks of team members in a spreadsheet.

[X]

Have a meeting with stakeholders to make them aware of the product problem.

[ ]

Implement more functional tools so the issue doesn’t occur again.

[ ]

Ask team members about how customers interact with the product.

1 point

### 6.

Question 6

As a project manager, one of your team members suddenly must leave your project to deal with a family emergency. To stay on schedule, you pull another team member off of a task that is not time-sensitive and assign him to the urgent task that your departing team member was working on. Which flexible planning strategy did you use to deal with this unexpected circumstance?

[X]

Planning for risks and challenges

[ ]

Assessing external constraints

[ ]

Trusting the expertise of your team

[ ]

Enabling decision-making

1 point

### 7.

Question 7

A key team member on the project you are managing decides to quit because they cannot come into the office every day. You offer to let them work from home three days a week, if they will stay on. Which interpersonal skill are you using?

[ ]

Understanding motivations

[ ]

Conflict mediation

[X]

Negotiation

[ ]

Positive attitude

1 point

### 8.

Question 8

As a project manager impacting an organization, you want to *break down barriers *to help your team succeed. Which of the following would a project manager do to *break down barriers*?

[ ]

Encourage stakeholders to provide feedback on new product features.

[ ]

Keep the project within the budget approved by leadership.

[ ]

Write clear goals for the project in the project’s documentation.

[X]

Provide support for the team as they try new approaches to find solutions.

1 point

### 9.

Question 9

As a project manager building a relationship with your customer, which of the following questions will help you focus on the customer? Select all that apply.

[X]

How is the problem impacting your organization?

[X]

What is the problem you would like us to help solve?

[ ]

How long have you been in business?

[ ]

How much are you willing to spend on this project?

1 point

### 10.

Question 10

As a project manager, you give your team members opportunities to work directly with stakeholders and their teams. In doing this, you are utilizing interpersonal skills to fulfill what responsibility?

[ ]

Controlling change

[ ]

Teaching and mentoring

[ ]

Communicating status and concerns

[X]

Empowering your team

1 point

### 11.

Question 11

To be an effective project manager, what important actions/steps should you take?

[ ]

Limit communication between team members so they can complete their work

[ ]

Confirm team members handle the documentation and organization necessary to finish the project

[X]

Ensure team members understand the team’s objectives and their individual tasks

[ ]

Gain mastery over every detail of a project at all times
